README.md, before:

# About the "AWSCodeBuildAction" action
<!--
- Explain why your customers would use this action. 
- What does it offer? 
- What is the end goal of using this action? 
- If it is similar to another action, what makes it unique? 
- Example content follows.
--->

The **AWSCodeBuildAction** action greets a person by name with a hello message.


## Basic example
<!--
- Include a real-world example + an introduction explaining the example.    
- The example should show just the action YAML code, but...
- If the action relies on other actions, include the larger workflow YAML.  
- Example content follows. -->

The following example shows how to configure **AWSCodeBuildAction-CI-workflow**.

> **Note**:  The example is for illustrative purposes, and will not work without additional configuration.


```
Name: AWSCodeBuildAction-CI-workflow
SchemaVersion: 1.0
...
Actions:      
  AWSCodeBuildAction:
    Identifier: apo/awscodebuildaction@v1
    Environment:
      Name: codecatalyst-environment
      Connections:
        - Name: codecatalyst-account-connection
          Role: codecatalyst-role
    Inputs:
      Sources:
        - WorkflowSource
    Configuration:
      AWSCodeBuildProject : 'test' # Project name for AWS CodeBuild project
      AWSRegion : 'test' # AWS Region
```
---

Configuration properties used in this example are described below.


### AWSCodeBuildAction

The friendly name for the **AWSCodeBuildAction** action, and is used as a label in logs when the action runs.

Required: Yes

Default: AWSCodeBuildAction

---

### Identifier

Identifies the action.

Required: Yes

Default: apo/awscodebuildaction@v1

---

### Environment.Name

The name of an existing environment that you want to associate with the action.  For information about environments, see [Working with environments](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codecatalyst/latest/userguide/deploy-environments.html) in the *Amazon CodeCatalyst User Guide*.

Required: No

Default: none

---

### Environment.Connections.Name

The name of the account connection. For information about account connections, see [Adding an AWS account to a space](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codecatalyst/latest/userguide/ipa-connect-account-create.html) in the *Amazon CodeCatalyst User Guide*.

Required: Yes

Default: none

---

### Environment.Connections.Role

The name of the IAM role that the **AWSCodeBuildAction** action uses to access AWS resources. Make sure that the role includes:


The following permissions policy:

> **Warning**: Limit the permissions to the minimum required for the action to run successfully. Using a role with broader permissions might pose a security risk.

> **Note**:  The example is for illustrative purposes, and will not work without additional configuration.

```
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "VisualEditor0",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "cloudformation:DescribeStackEvents",
                "cloudformation:DescribeChangeSet",
                "cloudformation:DescribeStacks",
                "cloudformation:ListStackResources"
            ],
            "Resource": "*"
        },
        {
            "Sid": "VisualEditor1",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
            "Resource": "arn:aws:iam::aws-account:role/cdk-*"
        }
    ]
}
```
The following custom trust policy:
```
    {
        "Version": "2012-10-17",
        "Statement": [
            {
                "Sid": "",
                "Effect": "Allow",
                "Principal": {
                    "Service":  [
                       "codecatalyst-runner.amazonaws.com",
                       "codecatalyst.amazonaws.com"
                     ]
                },
                "Action": "sts:AssumeRole"
            }
        ]
    }
```
Make sure that this role is added to your account connection.

For more information on creating IAM roles, see [Creating a role using a custom trust policy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create_for-custom.html) in the *AWS Identity and Access Management User Guide*.

---

### Inputs.Sources


If the action needs access to files stored in a source repository, specify the label of that source repository. Currently, the only supported label is `WorkflowSource`.

Required: Yes, if the action needs access to files stored in a source repository.

Default: WorkFlowSource

---

### Configuration.WhoToGreet

Name of the person, who we are greeting here.

Required: Yes

Default: none

---

### Configuration.HowToGreet

How to greet the person.

Required: No

Default: "Hello there,"

---

## How the "AWSCodeBuildAction" action works
<!-- An optional section where you can describe behind-the-scenes processing, or extra details. 
Example content follows. -->

The **AWSCodeBuildAction** action works as follows:

- At runtime, the action logs a greeting line composed of a configured name and message.

## Troubleshooting
<!-- An optional section where you can provide a link to troubleshooting information. 
Example content follows. -->
For troubleshooting information, see [Troubleshooting problems with workflows](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codecatalyst/latest/userguide/troubleshooting-workflows.html) in the *Amazon CodeCatalyst User Guide*.

## Additional resources
<!-- Add links to other places in your docs, as required. -->

- [AWSCodeBuildAction definition reference](https://www.mycompany.com/docs/ACTIONNAME-action-yaml) - Describes all **AWSCodeBuildAction** action properties in detail.
- [Workflow definition reference](https://www.mycompany.com/docs/ACTIONNAME-workflow-yaml) - Describes all available workflow definition file properties in detail.
- [Tutorial](https://www.mycompany.com/docs/ACTIONNAME-action-tut) - Step-by-step instructions on getting the **AWSCodeBuildAction** action running in an example scenario.
- [Provide feedback](www.mycompany.com/feedback) - Submit a ticket against this action.

Commit message:

regenerated code adding snyk related code

README.md, after:

# About the "Snyk" action
<!--
- Explain why your customers would use this action. 
- What does it offer? 
- What is the end goal of using this action? 
- If it is similar to another action, what makes it unique? 
- Example content follows.
--->

The **Snyk** action greets a person by name with a hello message.


## Basic example
<!--
- Include a real-world example + an introduction explaining the example.    
- The example should show just the action YAML code, but...
- If the action relies on other actions, include the larger workflow YAML.  
- Example content follows. -->

The following example shows how to configure **Snyk-CI-workflow**.

> **Note**:  The example is for illustrative purposes, and will not work without additional configuration.


```
Name: Snyk-CI-workflow
SchemaVersion: 1.0
...
Actions:      
  Snyk:
    Identifier: apo/snyk@v1
    Environment:
      Name: codecatalyst-environment
      Connections:
        - Name: codecatalyst-account-connection
          Role: codecatalyst-role
    Inputs:
      Sources:
        - WorkflowSource
    Configuration:
      SnykAuthToken : 'test' # Find Auth Token from Snyk account
```
---

Configuration properties used in this example are described below.


### Snyk

The friendly name for the **Snyk** action, and is used as a label in logs when the action runs.

Required: Yes

Default: Snyk

---

### Identifier

Identifies the action.

Required: Yes

Default: apo/snyk@v1

---

### Environment.Name

The name of an existing environment that you want to associate with the action.  For information about environments, see [Working with environments](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codecatalyst/latest/userguide/deploy-environments.html) in the *Amazon CodeCatalyst User Guide*.

Required: No

Default: none

---

### Environment.Connections.Name

The name of the account connection. For information about account connections, see [Adding an AWS account to a space](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codecatalyst/latest/userguide/ipa-connect-account-create.html) in the *Amazon CodeCatalyst User Guide*.

Required: Yes

Default: none

---

### Environment.Connections.Role

The name of the IAM role that the **Snyk** action uses to access AWS resources. Make sure that the role includes:


The following permissions policy:

> **Warning**: Limit the permissions to the minimum required for the action to run successfully. Using a role with broader permissions might pose a security risk.

> **Note**:  The example is for illustrative purposes, and will not work without additional configuration.

```
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "VisualEditor0",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "cloudformation:DescribeStackEvents",
                "cloudformation:DescribeChangeSet",
                "cloudformation:DescribeStacks",
                "cloudformation:ListStackResources"
            ],
            "Resource": "*"
        },
        {
            "Sid": "VisualEditor1",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
            "Resource": "arn:aws:iam::aws-account:role/cdk-*"
        }
    ]
}
```
The following custom trust policy:
```
    {
        "Version": "2012-10-17",
        "Statement": [
            {
                "Sid": "",
                "Effect": "Allow",
                "Principal": {
                    "Service":  [
                       "codecatalyst-runner.amazonaws.com",
                       "codecatalyst.amazonaws.com"
                     ]
                },
                "Action": "sts:AssumeRole"
            }
        ]
    }
```
Make sure that this role is added to your account connection.

For more information on creating IAM roles, see [Creating a role using a custom trust policy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create_for-custom.html) in the *AWS Identity and Access Management User Guide*.

---

### Inputs.Sources


If the action needs access to files stored in a source repository, specify the label of that source repository. Currently, the only supported label is `WorkflowSource`.

Required: Yes, if the action needs access to files stored in a source repository.

Default: WorkFlowSource

---

### Configuration.WhoToGreet

Name of the person, who we are greeting here.

Required: Yes

Default: none

---

### Configuration.HowToGreet

How to greet the person.

Required: No

Default: "Hello there,"

---

## How the "Snyk" action works
<!-- An optional section where you can describe behind-the-scenes processing, or extra details. 
Example content follows. -->

The **Snyk** action works as follows:

- At runtime, the action logs a greeting line composed of a configured name and message.

## Troubleshooting
<!-- An optional section where you can provide a link to troubleshooting information. 
Example content follows. -->
For troubleshooting information, see [Troubleshooting problems with workflows](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codecatalyst/latest/userguide/troubleshooting-workflows.html) in the *Amazon CodeCatalyst User Guide*.

## Additional resources
<!-- Add links to other places in your docs, as required. -->

- [Snyk definition reference](https://www.mycompany.com/docs/ACTIONNAME-action-yaml) - Describes all **Snyk** action properties in detail.
- [Workflow definition reference](https://www.mycompany.com/docs/ACTIONNAME-workflow-yaml) - Describes all available workflow definition file properties in detail.
- [Tutorial](https://www.mycompany.com/docs/ACTIONNAME-action-tut) - Step-by-step instructions on getting the **Snyk** action running in an example scenario.
- [Provide feedback](www.mycompany.com/feedback) - Submit a ticket against this action.
